The two datasets needed to reproduce this article are included in the `data` folder.
- `table1_respondentsRCI`: contains RCI of each party for 9135 respondents surveyed through monthly surveys conducted from January to August 2022. The electoral riding of each respondent is also included.
- `table2_duringCampaign`: contains the predicted vote shares of the parties for each electoral riding during the campaign as found on [Qc125.com](https://qc125.com/).

These two datasets are then agregated into a third dataset, `table3_aggregatedData` which is generated by the script located at `codes/generate_table3.R`.

## table1_respondentsRCI
Each observation of this dataset represents one respondent. It contains 9135 observations and 9 variables.
- **respondent_id**: unique number identifying respondents across the different surveys.
- **month**: the month in which the respondent was surveyed.
- **riding_name**: the name of the respondent's electoral riding.
- **riding_id**: the id of the respondent's electoral riding. Each riding has its own numbered id.
- **rci_CAQ**: the respondent's RCI score for the CAQ, which falls within a range of -1 to 1.
- **rci_PLQ**: the respondent's RCI score for the PLQ, which falls within a range of -1 to 1.
- **rci_QS**: the respondent's RCI score for the QS, which falls within a range of -1 to 1.
- **rci_PQ**: the respondent's RCI score for the PQ, which falls within a range of -1 to 1.
- **rci_PCQ**: the respondent's RCI score for the PCQ, which falls within a range of -1 to 1.

## table2_duringCampaign
Each observation of this dataset represents a single day's *Qc125.com* prediction of a riding's vote share of a political party. It contains 52388 observations and 6 variables.
- **date**: the date of the observation.
- **riding_name**: the name of the respondent's electoral riding.
- **riding_id**: the id of the respondent's electoral riding. Each riding has its own numbered id.
- **party**: the political party associated to this prediction. Options are CAQ, PLQ, QS, PQ and PCQ.
- **pred**: the predicted vote share of the party.
- **moes**: the margin of error of this prediction (as reported by *Qc125.com*).

## table3_aggregatedData
This dataset is generated by the file located at `codes/generate_table3.R`. Each observation of this dataset represents a riding with its vote fragility index (before the campaign) and its campaign volatility (during the campaign). It contains 125 observations and 4 variables.
- **riding_id**: the numerical id of the riding.
- **riding_name**: the name of the riding.
- **n_riding**: number of respondents in the riding.
- **fragility_index**: vote fragility of the riding before the campaign generated from survey data. From 0 - *not fragile* to 1 - *fragile*. 
- **fragility_index_mrp**: vote fragility of the riding before the campaign generated by MRP (in the `mrp` folder). From 0 - *not fragile* to 1 - *fragile*.
- **volatility**: campaign volatility of the riding generated from *Qc125.com* data. From 0 - *not volatile* to 1 - *volatile*.


